Ronnie Cameron has been jetting around
the country for the past two months
interviewing with National Football
League general managers from coast to
coast hoping one of them makes him the
first Old Dominion University player
taken in the NFL Draft in all he has
been on 18 flights since his senior
season ended that went to the movies the
other day and i'm looking for a seat
belt because I'm only playing only seats
I music getting into our you know
airplane seats uh had been been Alvarado
it's been a great ride Cameron has met
with general managers from the Super
Bowl champion New York Giants to
crosstown Jets the San Diego Chargers
Houston Texans Arizona Cardinals
Jacksonville Jaguars and the Kansas City
Chiefs they have measured him and worked
him out but they have also quizzed him
and asked him to take personality tests
I think about when you going these
business I talk more about life than you
do about football they wanted you know
they want to see who you are as a person
outside of football because you know
they're not not paying you just to be a
full player being a part of organization
as a person between trips Cameron has
done his best to prepare for his
soon-to-be professional football career
and visits odu's weight training
facility as often as possible the
six-foot-two 300-pound defensive tackle
intends to arrive in training camp in
the best shape of his life maybe I've
actually leaned out a lot and you know
and worked on speed and flexibility and
things like that I feel like I would you
know way better say I'm a lot better
than athlete now than I was at the end
of the season there are only seven
rounds and if he isn't drafted the
common belief among analyst is that the
Colonial Athletic Association Defensive
Player of the Year will sign with
somebody as a preferred free agent and
then it becomes your decision then it
will come like a recruiting process
where everything is offering you a
certain amount of money in terms of
signing bonus and then you have to
choose what team that you thought you
probably the best fit in with you know
best location for you personally
and just the best opportunity you can
make a team so that's how that's pretty
much how free agency works of the team's
Cameron visited the Jaguars have the
most notable reputation for taking small
college players in the draft they have
gone outside the Football Bowl
Subdivision to make nine of their 20
selections in the last three years
defecate big factor because you know
it's there proven proven to take guys
who are necessary from the big schools
like the Oklahoma in the texts and the
SEC schools and they take them and they
like I said they have good coaching
values of players like that after
playing in two all-star games and having
all 32 NFL franchises take a look at him
somewhere and at some time during the
last four months it now comes down to
the three days of the NFL draft which
begins Thursday with Cameron predicted
to go somewhere between the fifth and
seventh rounds saturday will likely be
the day he hears his name called and his
phone ring a little tied cooking are
accepting traveling a lot but definitely
excited because it was more anxiety a
few weeks back but now it's more
exciting because I've been you know
different places I've spoken to a lot of
different cultures so now I'm excited
about you know the prospects of where I
might be doing for the virginian-pilot
I'm rich Radford